# online-food-order-system
“Online Food Order” is the process of food delivery or takeout from a local restaurant or food cooperative through a web page. Much like ordering consumer goods online, many of these services allow customers to keep accounts with them in order to make frequent ordering convenient. e-commerce refers to the purchase and sale of goods and/or services via Internet. Online Food Ordering System is a part of e-commerce. Online food order system is a website designed primarily for use in the food delivery industry. Through these services restaurants can sell and distribute their resources at minimal resource usage effectively with high profits by gaining the customer trust. This Online food order system database will be helpful for the business owners to extend their business just by placing the orders online and not visiting the restaurant. There is no confinement for placing and receiving the orders, since the order can be placed online. There will be no waiting time with the vast amount of verities at the comfortable prices. To develop this application database is the main part which will communicate through the application to retrieve the details. We will be creating the Online food ordering database with Oracle as a platform. Database includes Customers can place their orders from different food categories and restaurant staff will process the orders and deliver the requested order with an expected delivery time, and asking the customers for the reviews and depends on the order quantity providing the rewards to the customers where they can claim money.
